Use These Cover Letters That CEOs Read

So, what kind of cover letters do CEOs actually read?

carefully consider your approach.

Take the time to concisely share your credentials and quantify your accomplishments. If you do, you will see more responses to your notes.

The key is to:

Do your research
Send a custom email
Focus on past achievements
Provide the link to your LinkedIn profile
Provide a PDF of your resume (remember that if we are not connected I can not see your entire LinkedIn profile)
Keep it short
And stop wasting time applying to jobs that you know nothing about or have no credentials for. Here are some cover letter templates that work. I have used these myself and have included two scenarios.

I. When you have relevant experience for an open role

For example, let's imagine I was writing this a few years ago.

Subject: SaaS marketing expert interested in your Product Marketing role

Body:
I have 8 years of experience in SaaS Marketing and would like to speak with the right person about your open role. I believe I am a good fit because I have:

- Led over 12 product launches for leading SaaS companies
- Increased leads for the sales team at my current company by 50%
- Established social media marketing programs and have generated over 2,000 followers

Please find my LinkedIn profile here: www.linkedin.com/in/bdehaaff/

I have also attached a PDF version of my resume.

I graduated from Northwestern with a Masters in Marketing and I have a BA from U.C Berkeley in Philosophy. I currently run product marketing for Netli. I am looking to join a high growth company like Aha!

Could we set up a 15 minute intro call?

Best,
Brian

II. When you have relevant experience and are interested in a company but do not see the perfect role

For example, let's imagine Keith was writing this a few years ago.

Subject: Content specialist for top 50 Web property interested in joining Aha!

Body:
I have 5 years experience in SEO, social, and content generation in B-B SaaS. I would like to know if you may have a relevant role that is just not listed on your site yet.

Please find my LinkedIn profile here: www.linkedin.com/in/keithandbrown

I have also attached a PDF version of my resume.

I graduated from Texas and currently run content and SEO for YP. I am looking to join a high growth company like Aha!

Please let me know.

Thanks,
Keith

CEOs are busy people, but we always welcome the right people showing the right interest. We are looking for the best of the best to join our teams. The wisest leaders are committed to surrounding themselves with people who are smarter than they are.

One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is being prepared.

So prepare your cover letter carefully, catch our eye quickly, and you should hear back from us. Just don’t copy and paste these templates without making them yours. If I find a BA in Philosophy from U.C. Berkeley in there somewhere, I will smile.
